Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you're willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
Opportunities don't happen. You create them.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Excellence is not a skill, it's an attitude.
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
The distance between your dreams and reality is called action.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
The best revenge is massive success.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
It's not about perfect. It's about effort.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The future depends on what you do today.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The best way out is always through.
Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
The future rewards those who press on.
The harder I work, the luckier I get.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.